tells crowd that whoever is speaking is a
traffic jam for you plus one
video of gta5 online and this time I'm going
show you a different content
of the business and I found out there is
how do you make thrifty with any
Car and easy guys or ischemia and
but that requires a certain beauty care
so come on and show me that here I
I know what I like , you have to do it.
that scheme depreciates the
I'll show you guys, it's okay, let's go here.
on the asphalt one will try to do the
let alone that I'm prudish and Basque
braga for you to do the wii has to
pull the good brake the area
It consists of the following you will get the
wheel your car simply a louse
Wheel's in the middle of the circle I will
show you and this will make it go
to lower your car so if the
car will end up getting a little more
down that will do this in all
wheels the car will be lowered from
all the wheels is simply left
to degrade the car only instead of
You draw little, you're going to take one.
is little more say and with it the
The car's suspension will be hard and
she stayed in the car will have more firmness
so when you go is to push the
handbrake to make a sad and will
more easily
so come on, I'll get it here with the
my of abuse iter there was an article
for the star with the police
people are as follows I advise you
you have to use the alloy because it is much more
Quick that he has a carbine fight.
or rifle a machine gun
okay so come on guys always takes
be careful and do this in the car you
sure because the chance of the case the day is
big then they will reach here
in that part of the wheel solve
Let's go there slowly, even though
with the sinduscon's machine gun friend
You're taking this part here.
download remember the guys for you to download
no w you can lower your
car can not have the tire proof
Bullet unit may have up to a spiral
bullet proof can not have
ability in the car itself
but worse bullet proof can not do it
Ok let's see him download it here now
the third time it has downgraded nec
but this one the guys always go
slow as you have worse proof
bullet you may end up busting
tire
So go in the bay, take it easy and that is
It's better, it 's ready, we 're done with you.
can see the car was under the
wheel of it until catching here in the bodywork
already the back time stayed inside stayed
It's really cool, everyone
So you 're now in the car, okay?
harder I can already feel that in the
time do not know if you can not
realize this
But she got much harder.
holes here for you to see
leaps much bigger and let's go there
front nha you that curve I'll try
to pull the wooden horse to make a
lifting
finally the work the only weird one that runs
get even taking the field it ends
crossing the line but doing what right?
another car, and he thinks that I
I can not do the drift.
got the car fumbled in the front
I think none can be land with
It's very easy, I'm too bad for
do a lifting
I'm getting to do it and leave your
He looks more beautiful as he gets more
for those who like this style and
much easier to do a lift tá
then it is here for you guys already
knows he is discriminated against
the favorite for you think of education
channel but that's his secret any
If you have any questions, you can
I 'll help you, I'll stay here.
Hugs to you all, keep God and
until the next video said guys